Typo + grammatical fixes + issue triage (#1217)
hadley/r4ds: workflow-basics.qmd

You now have some experience running R code.
We didn't give you many details, but you've obviously figured out the basics, or you would've thrown this book away in frustration!
Frustration is natural when you start programming in R because it is such a stickler for punctuation, and even one character out of place will cause it to complain.
But while you should expect to be a little frustrated, take comfort in that this experience is typical and temporary: it happens to everyone, and the only way to get over it is to keep trying.

Before we go any further, let's ensure you've got a solid foundation in running R code and that you know some of the most helpful RStudio features.

## Coding basics

> Let's review some basics we've omitted so far to get you plotting as quickly as possible.

Author: ```suggestion
Let's review some basics we've omitted so far in the interest of getting you plotting as quickly as possible.
```

primes * 2
```

> With short pieces of code like this, leaving a comment for every single line of code.

Author: ```suggestion
With short pieces of code like this, leaving a comment for every single line of code might not be necessary.
```

The *what* and *how* of your code are always possible to figure out, even if it might be tedious, by carefully reading it.
But if you describe the "what" in your comments and your code, you'll have to remember to update the comment and code in tandem carefully.
If you change the code and forget to update the comment, they'll be inconsistent, leading to confusion when you return to your code in the future.

Figuring out *why* something was done is much more difficult, if not impossible.
For example, `geom_smooth()` has an argument called `span`, which controls the smoothness of the curve, with larger values yielding a smoother curve.
Suppose you decide to change the value of `span` from its default of 0.75 to 0.3: it's easy for a future reader to understand *what* is happening, but unless you note your thinking in a comment, no one will understand *why* you changed the default.

For data analysis code, use comments to explain your overall plan of attack and record important insights as you encounter them.
There's no way to re-capture this knowledge from the code itself.

## What's in a name? {#sec-whats-in-a-name}

> Object names must start with a letter and can only contain letters, numbers, `_` and `.`.

Author: ```suggestion
Object names must start with a letter and can only contain letters, numbers, `_`, and `.`.
```
